patent it the Garter slip stitch V
English style for this tutorial you'll
need a pair of knitting needles at a
ball of yarn special thanks to our
sponsor mountain metal wool for
providing today's yarn today we are
using their Laramie line in the color
fern for this stitch you'll need to know
the following techniques knit slip
stitch yarn forward yarn back to begin
this stitch you must cast on in
multiples of 2 plus 1 Row one beginning
on the right side of our work we are
going to knit all stitches row two you
knit all stitches row three we're going
to begin by knitting 1 then we will
start our repeat by slipping the next
stitch purlwise and then we'll finish by
knitting one so continue slipping purl
wise and knitting 1 until the end of the
row row 4 we're going to begin by
knitting 1 they're going to start our
repeat by bringing the yarn forward then
we'll slip the next stitch purlwise
bring the yarn back and then we'll knit
1 so let's do it again we'll bring the
yarn forward slip the next stitch
purlwise
bring the yarn back and knit 1 and we'll
repeat that sequence until the end of
the row
ro5 we're going to knit all stitches row
six we're going to knit all stitches row
seven we're going to begin by knitting
two then we're going to slip the next
stitch purlwise to begin our repeat and
we'll finish our repeat by knitting one
so continue slipping purl wise and
knitting one until we reach the last
stitch in our row okay well we wish the
last stitch in our row we're just going
to knit one row eight we're going to
begin by knitting two then we'll start
our repeat by bringing the yarn forward
slip the next stitch purlwise bring the
arm back and knit one
okay so we'll repeat that sequence all
the way until the last stitch in our row
okay when we get to the last stitch in
our row we're just going to knit one so
we're going to repeat rows 1 through 8
until we reach our desired length and
that's how you knit the Garter slip
stitch v
after a few repeats your pattern should
look like this
what morning's - today join our VIP
email list to get every stitch directly
to your inbox sign up today at noosa
today.com / VIP